# Sales-Analysis
In the world of business, leadership and executives are gaining key insights through important metrics and analysis which tell the business story of their companies. It’s critical to present the data visually to an audience so they can capture the critical highlights effectively, making business decisions that impact the overall growth and wellness of it’s people, customers, and impact on the world. 

In order to present these findings in a clear and concise manner, I analyzed a private companies sales and profits for the year using Pyecharts - a python enabled visualization tool that allowed me to take structured data from excel, test in the Python environment and then present a visually sound report of the findings. The company needed to understand when the best time to advertise and invest into the business was. The findings were clear that the second half of the year the company performed drastically better as profit made up the majority of overall yearly business. The viewer could easily click through the profits and margins, reviewing the yearly and monthly performance. The visual was also capable of presenting the product categories, highlighting profit and margins. This allowed leadership to consider discontinuing products or investing further into more successful ones. I also made it extremely clear to leadership through a heat map of the best performing period of sales data. Leadership could easily identity that the trend of higher sales volumes accrued in the later half of the year. 

In essence, executive decisions to invest broadly into the company were made as a result of these analysis and findings. Investments were made to discontinue products, enhance research and development into existing ones and to run more advertisements and be open to greater amounts of financing to improve specific departments as a result of observing the second half success of the company. 

